Add sss for hypershift tenant config (#1345)
openshift/managed-cluster-config: deploy/rhobs-hypershift-config/README.md

> # RHOBS hypershift config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# RHOBS HyperShift configuration
```

> This dirrectory contains a syncset that copy the hypershift tenant configs into all management clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains a SyncSet that copies the HyperShift RHOBS tenant configuration into all management clusters.
```
